hello everybody this is Scott Stewart
here with slabtown customs at a Mountain
View Arkansas and we'll give you a
little quick video tour of one of our
tiny portable units this could be a tiny
house actually set up to be an office
right now but of course it could be used
for a variety of things this is
permanently built on a steel trailer
frame with two axles you currently see
there's only a one set of wheels and
tires on it right now as it was just set
up but it does have two axles with
brakes for transport this is a
road-legal unit it is an 8 foot wide and
its total of twenty foot long and that
includes a 6-foot porch on the other end
this has an old wagon style top just the
curved radiused roof we have the old
style shake tykes type sighting of
course got blue paint trimmed and white
which could easily be changed sorry for
the shaky hands here you'll see a little
bit of work yet that some trim work
needs to be done again it's got a six
foot front porch has treated five
quarter decking white spindles
see here we've got a ceiling fan light
kit that it's next eerier ceiling fan
it's designed to be outside we've got an
old old school barn style metal ceiling
in the porch it's also what we have
inside you'll see I've got a three foot
wide nine light front door step inside
sorry for the Sun I think it may be
shining in reflecting on us as you can
see here we have a old school board and
batten type interior citing this is
called lapping gap these are 12 inch
pine boards and below that to kind of a
chair rail Heights we have the barn
style metal it goes all the way around
again when you have the the barn metal
on the ceiling in here standard
eight-foot ceiling and in this office
ceiling fan light kit in here and we
have this hanging light fixture above
the desk area excuse me all three of
those lights are adjustable they'll hang
down actually when within about three
feet of the of the floor we got three
windows in this unit got a 30 30 there
in the end and then a pair of 30 30 s
one on each side in the center of the of
the main room the the back window was
raised a little bit it's a little bit
higher so you see we have an outlet
there south wall and that's designed to
to slide of a window heat and air combo
unit into the window there this this
office was built during the colder
months already so we have an error has
not been an issue we've got a little
radiator type heater that keeps it warm
real easy we have a this is just a vinyl
flooring squares looks kind of like
ceramic looks like they're out in
between this just a yeah just a glue
down for I'm just a pretty rustic
interior nothing fancy really set up
with a 30 amp service like an RV plug
and this plugs in just like an RV or
travel trailer would
anyway pretty simple pretty short of
course this unit could be a could be
customized and could still have a
bathroom a little kitchen at it be a
true tiny house maybe a little dorm room
alternative anyway this this unit is
portable it's ready for the road would
slip under most zoning laws for its size
and the fact that it is permanently on
wheels and as of this date January 27th
2012 this unit is for sale it can be
bought for sixty two hundred and fifty
dollars picked up here off my yard in
Mountain View Arkansas and of course we
can arrange shipping if needed for
roughly a dollar and a half per loaded
mile so if you have any questions please
feel free to contact me you can reach me
directly through email at Ozarks best @
yahoo.com or give me a call at 870 213
53 10 thanks for looking